He said Priest Choi will soon
come to his little brother.
His older brother was a priest too, right?
He gave me the creeps sometimes.
It's an abduction and murder.
A woman was dead inside a trunk.
A short-haired girl in her early 20's.
She has a flower tattoo on her shoulder.
She's wearing jeans and a white shirt.
She probably caught a taxi. The
taxi driver is the killer.
Have you seen a taxi...
that has a stuffed monkey
on its rear-view mirror?
Do you see that surveillance
camera out there?
I checked the surveillance cameras nearby.
There's no footage of her getting
in a taxi, and we lost track of it.
It's the third person already!
The black car...
It's Park Il Do.
You can find the culprit by
looking up his car, right?
You have to help me.
Or else, he will kill someone again.
- What? - This car.
You found him?
Where is he?
One Two Junkyard in Yuseon-dong.
Hello.
You're working hard in this hot weather.
What song are you listening to?
You jerk.
It's you, right?
Right?
Put that down.
What are you doing?
What?
Have you heard of people being possessed?
Are you saying he's been
possessed by a spirit?
Who are you people?
Sir. Actually, our work...
is related with religious matters.
When I saw him,
I noticed his energy was drained...
and he was suffering spiritually.
We just want to help him.
We have studied religion intensively...
- and our priest...
- What is this magazine?
What is this place?
It's none of your business.
- I told you to get out. - Wait.
Why are you getting so angry?
It's because he's acting
really strangely, isn't it?
Didn't he change suddenly?
He speaks gibberish with strange eyes.
Who are you people?
Do you believe in false
religion or something?
Get out now!
If you leave him like that,
it's dangerous.
He's right.
Should I call the police?
No, there's no need. We'll leave now.
I'm sorry.
Come on, let's go.
Goodbye.
Stop making a fuss.
- Let's go. - Wait.
Goodness.
I think he is possessed.
We have to persuade that guy in there.
That way we can call an exorcist priest.
Why are you staring at me like that?
I won't do it. No, I can't do it.
Didn't you see me bleeding last time?
Just keep a good eye on him.
I have somewhere to go.
Alone? Where are you going?
There's someone I must meet.
Watch him carefully.
He might wander around and abduct women.
Hey. He doesn't kill men, does he?
You better come back before sunset. Okay?
Gosh, all right. Just keep an eye on him.
Okay.
My goodness.
Wait. Stop there.
Oh, it's her.
- Do you know her? - Yes.
She's pretty.
She always comes and
buys jelly for her kids.
Did she use a credit card?
A credit card?
She didn't come to work today.
- She didn't even call? - No.
It's her first time missing
work without calling.
But why is the police interested in her?
Mrs. An Yoo Mi?
It's the police.
Are you inside?
I know that you're inside.
I'm from the police.
Mrs. An Yoo Mi!
The police?
Are you really from the police?
Yes, I'm a policewoman.
Is Mrs. An Yoo Mi home?
Can you open the door?
I'm really a policewoman.
Is Mrs. An Yoo Mi inside?
An Yoo Mi? She's my mom.
Where is your mom?
She's not here.
She didn't come home last night.
Did you call her?
She didn't call you either?
I can't reach her.
She's not like this normally.
Is there anyone else or an adult inside?
No.
Mom's friend dropped by earlier.
Did something happen to my mom?
No, it's nothing.
Don't worry.
Yes, Bong Sang.
Where are you this time? Get over here.
We found the suspect for armed
robbery in Bokmin-dong.
Open up, you jerk. There's nowhere to go!
Open up right now!
This is frustrating.
Open up!
Open up this instant!
You jerk, open this door!
Open it!
What happened?
We almost caught him and
were chasing him...
but he went in here.
- Move over. - Open it.
- Open the door. - Open it.
Hey, move over. Move.
I'll just kick it open.
Come on!
- Hey. - Goodness.
Hey, wait.
Drop that knife.
- Drop the knife.
- There's no need for that.
You're just adding to your list of crimes!
- Hey! - Get over here.
- Hey! - Where is he going?
Stop him!
Hey!
My goodness.
Hey, don't even think about it.
Go down and check. Go!
Are you angry?
Yes, I am.
Why are you so reckless?
I had to catch him. That
jerk even committed rape.
But you could've gotten
yourself seriously injured.
Are you going to quit your job
after catching him or something?
If you're finished, I must get going.
Where are you going this time?
Why are you so busy?
Are you investigating
that illegal taxi again?
I just confirmed the third victim.
She didn't come home, and
left her sick daughter alone.
Whenever you see a case,
you run head first recklessly
like a mad person.
You beat up bad guys...
How could you call yourself a good...
Well, I admit you are a good detective.
But we have to stick to the principles.
We have no victim and no
one even reported it.
There's someone who saw the dead body.
Who? That crazy dude, Yun whatever?
The way I see it, he seems more suspicious.
Look at the Kim Young Soo case.
How could he be...
in two murder cases?
He chased after an illegal taxi...
and found a dead body inside the trunk?
Doesn't that sound strange?
I'm sure there's a good
reason he's saying that.
A good reason my butt.
Don't even get involved with him.
I'll check his background for you.
If you're not going to help,
I'll take care of it alone.
Hey.
Kang Gil Young!
What if it's true?
That means women are being
killed at this moment!
What if it's not? What if our
boss finds out about this?
What then?
Gil Young.
You're not going to stop, are you?
No.
Do whatever you want, idiot!
My goodness! There's nothing
I can do about you.
I hate you!
Even my wife hates you!
This is unbelievable.
Darn it.
Hey, wait. Don't leave me here.
Don't go! Wait for me!
Who came to see me?
It's him.
I can't believe you remembered me.
You were just a kid back then.
Have you...
ever heard about Priest Choi Sang Hyun...
after that incident?
Why do you ask?
I'm looking for Priest Choi.
Actually,
I'm looking for the spirit
that used to possess me.
I'm looking for Park Il Do.
No.
I haven't heard about him since then.
I quit being an exorcist
priest after that incident.
Do you know anyone who can
help in finding Park Il Do?
Let's stop talking about that.
When you become my age,
you tend to forget awful
memories like that.
You have something to ask about our group?
Yes.
Do you know the brothers who run
a junk yard in Yuseon-dong?
Brothers who run a junk yard...
Oh, yes.
Sharing Hands was supporting them.
What's this about?
I think the younger brother has
been possessed by Park Il Do.
What?
Are you certain?
Did you check properly?
He's showing symptoms.
And I have proof.
Really?
There was a problem before...
What problem?
He was abused when he was a kid.
By his mom.
He gained personality disorder
and even attempted suicide.
He attempted suicide?
I recommended therapy to him.
The doctor diagnosed that
he was afraid of women...
and that he hated them.
Now I understand why he
goes after women only.
What do you plan to do?
I have to perform exorcism.
Why would you do something like that?
The devil plays around with
the weakness of human beings.
Your past will have a serious effect.
It's because of Park Il Do.
I must catch it.
I have one more question.
Do you know where...
Priest Choi's brother is?
Why do you ask?
I met someone who was
possessed by Park Il Do.
He said...
that Priest Choi will go to his brother.
Priest Choi...
will go to his...
brother!
That's what he said?
Why?
Why would he go to his brother?
I don't know.
Maybe he might try to
kill his brother again.
Is there a reason...
why Priest Choi must kill his brother?
I don't know.
An evil spirit...
reaches into a person's deepest mind.
There might have been simple
hatred or jealousy between them.
It's easy for the devil to
take advantage of that.
How was the relationship between
the junk yard brothers?
They were close. But...
The little brother once told me this.
When their mom beat them,
his older brother ran away.
He was too young and weak...
and his mom always caught and beat him.
He said that's why he hates
his brother as well.
When one came out, she hit the one.
And when another one came out,
she hit that one.
When I told Mom that I needed coins,
Min Gu.
Darn it. What was I supposed to do?
I had to give her two bills...
to get out of the house.
Min Gu.
Enough.
- These days, you are... - Hey.
Why did you do that then?
Why did you do that?
Why did you do that? Why?
You ran away alone.
I got caught. She pulled my hair,
whipped me with a belt, and...
You brat! You deserve death!
You're not even my son! Die! Die! Die!
I'm here!
Are you okay?
I've been watching everything.
We will help you.
Okay.
Recently,
he has changed for sure.
Was there a trigger?
Well...
For the first time, Min Gu said
he had a crush on someone.
He had been following her,
but she hated him.
So of course she rejected him.
I think he has become strange since.
Who is she?
She used to work in a cafe in the downtown,
but I can't see her these days.
Hey.
A detective came to our place.
Did he do something bad?
Please just listen to what I say for now...
if you want to help your brother.
Who is it?
It's the police who came earlier.
Have you eaten something?
Here you are.
Do you know...
any of your relatives
or your mom's friends?
I told you not to open the door.
Mom is back home.
The woman is alive!
Please excuse me for a second.
Who?
The woman you said was the third victim.
She's alive in one piece.
That's not possible.
Are you sure she's the
one who took the taxi?
I checked that too.
She took the taxi, but nothing happened.
That can't be true. I saw her.
She was lying in the trunk
with her hands tied.
- I wasn't sure if she was dead...
- That's enough.
I was stupid to have believed you.
Nothing has ever happened.
There was no kidnap and
no murder like you said.
I told you. I can see everything.
I also checked the first victim.
- Min Go had a crush on... - Enough.
And...
never contact me again.
Hello. Hello?
Did something happen?
No.
The police is useless.
So?
- I need your help. - I can't.
There are three already.
There are three victims already.
We should hurry exorcize the spirit.
I said I can't.
We need to follow the process.
Stop talking about the process.
It's his little brother.
He could die like last time.
My brother is an innocent man.
Please help him.
You brat.
I told you to make sure you
come back before sunset.
- Is he inside? - Of course.
He's in the office.
My ears hurt.
I'm leaving now.
Where are you going?
If it doesn't work out, you should do it.
I can't today. I can't.
I have a very important appointment.
I have my life.
You always have important appointments.
I'm asking because you're like my family.
Family, my foot.
Close your eyes and focus.
Gosh.
Good spirits shall be caught by life.
Evil spirits shall be caught by death.
It's all set.
I closed your spirit gate.
So just take care of your body.
You know what I mean, right?
All right. Thank you.
Good. Now I'm leaving.
Good job.
Shall we? Are you ready?
Is there anything you need?
No.
Just make sure to not be in the way.
Goodness. Look at how rude he is. Let's go.
Let me see your hand.
Hey! What's wrong?
He's not possessed.
Are you saying that was not a spirit?
You saw it.
If he was possessed,
he would have reacted to the hidden cross.
He's a patient.
I've seen many people before...
who hallucinate, hurt themselves,
and have multiple personalities.
I visited those who were
suspected to be possessed,
but what they needed was psychotherapy.
He's not possessed. He's ill.
He is possessed.
He has a spirit in him.
I saw it.
You saw it?
I can see...
when the one possessed by Park
Il Do is about to commit murder.
I can't see all of it though.
It seems like you need a
psychotherapy as well.
You don't have to believe
me if you don't want to,
but if we let him like that,
another person will be killed.
Just leave it to the police.
This is not a possession.
I say it is!
What other proof do you need?
What is it? What else do you need?
Are you still upset?
Men don't get upset.
Goodness. Shut your mouth and eat.
How could I eat with my mouth shut?
You must be kidding me.
It's better not to talk with you.
I always get angry.
Stop being mad at me.
I quit looking into that case.
Really?
Yes. I've decided not to care about it.
That's great. You've finally
come to your senses.
I told you that you shouldn't trust him.
He got lucky last time...
during Kim Young Soo's case.
I think he's a total con-artist.
He's insane.
He investigates cases and claims
that he solved them on the internet.
He's a psychopath. No, what do you call it?
He's an attention seeker.
Ma'am, can we get another bottle of soju?
Sure.
What's the occasion? You
don't usually drink.
It's for you.
You look really excited right now.
What are you talking about?
I'm not excited at all.
Ma'am, give me a cold bottle of soju!
Goodness. You should stop
fussing over cases like that...
and meet your friends to go clubbing...
and eat at fancy restaurants.
Oh, you don't have friends, right?
Gil Young, why did you stop
investigating the case?
The missing woman turned out to be at home.
She had to take care of something urgent.
What a messed-up family.
Her kid is sick at home,
and she goes out...
and doesn't come home all night?
It is strange.
Why is it so hot in here? Isn't
there any air-conditioning?
Here is your soju.
She's wearing long sleeves. My gosh.
Is she trying to cover something?
What if she has dragon
tattoos all over her body?
It will be cool if there
were two huge dragons.
Wait.
What?
She was wearing long sleeves too.
Was she covering something?
That can't be true. I saw her.
She was lying in the trunk
with her hands tied.
I have to go somewhere.
Hey! Where are you going?
You have to pay for this!
Oh my goodness. I can't
even cancel the order.
Give me your credit card!
- What is it this time?
- Show me your wrist.
I have to check something.
What is this about?
You were abducted, right?
The truth is...
He told me not to call the police.
He said he'd kill everyone if I did.
He said he knew my address.
He also took my cellphone and my ID.
How did you escape?
There was a car accident.
The car trunk was damaged and it opened.
That's how I escaped.
An Yoo Mi.
Come out!
I have your wallet and
your cellphone right here.
Hey!
You better not call the police.
I know your home address.
I'll find you and kill you.
I'll find all your family
members and rip them apart!
Do you remember where you were?
I'm not sure.
I saw...
many old cars.
You didn't see his face?
No.
I didn't look on purpose.
What about his voice? Was
there anything peculiar?
There was...
one strange thing.
I'm going to do it more intensively.
Don't stop me.
Don't come near me.
Don't do it!
Don't do it! No!
You're hurting my brother.
Stop!
Who are you?
Tell me. Who are you?
The great angel, Saint Michael.
Please protect us from this fight.
Please protect us from the
wickedness and lies of the devil.
Die, you jerk! I'm going to kill you.
We ask for your holy power
to tie this demon up.
We bow down and pray to you.
What's happening?
The power goes out sometimes.
I have a flashlight somewhere.
I pray to the holy leader of the heavens.
I pray that you will use your power...
to kill all the demons and
evil spirits in this world...
and send them to the afterlife.
Amen.
We were wrong.
He's not reacting to the prayer.
He's not possessed.
What? Again?
Darn it.
Let me try it.
Look. You know him, right?
Look closely. You've met him, haven't you?
What's wrong?
Why do you have this picture?
Do you know him?
What are you doing? Where's the flashlight?
It's right here.
He's gone.
How did he untie it?
What are you doing, Choi Min Gu?
Calm down and put the knife down.
Put it down right now.
Min Sang, go stop your brother.
Calm down, Choi Min Gu.
Calm down and put the knife down.
Min Sang.
What are you doing? Come
and stop your brother.
What was strange?
From the beginning,
he was talking to himself...
as if...
he was talking to someone.
I got one.
She seems clueless.
She's much better than...
the woman with a flower tattoo.
Do you see it?
Excuse me. Sir.
I'd like to just get off here.
So...
There was a man.
There are two culprits?
Min Sang.
You read my thought.
How was it?
That blood just now...
feels hot in your hand, doesn't it?
Doesn't it feel nice?
You brat!
Why are you so full of yourself?
Bong Sang. Come to the junkyard quickly.
What are you talking about? What now?
Hwa Pyung was right.
That woman was kidnapped.
The two brothers are accomplices.
Hurry up.
You were right.
She told me the truth.
She said she got kidnapped and escaped.
Hello?
You...
Who are you?
Father, you're good.
When you were praying next to me,
it was...
It was really...
painful!
Gosh.
I feel much better now.
Hey.
Why do you keep following me?
Your grandfather will be sad...
if his only grandson dies.
There we go.
Now it's bright.
You brat!
I'll trample you to death!
Just die!
Where is the car to carry their corpses?
Where is it?
Let's go!
Little brothers have to be
beaten to learn lessons.
Don't you think, Father?
You should have...
listened to your brother as well.
Then the policewoman wouldn't have died.
I have a question.
Are you...
Father Choi's little brother?
Are you Father Choi's little brother?
How do you know that?
I told you...
not to ditch school.
I told you not to ditch school.
Wait! Wait!
Let me ask you one question.
How couldn't we notice
that you're possessed?
His brother accepted us.
We're one.
Then what about your little brother?
He's just crazy.
You guys were mistaken.
But thanks to that, you guys ended up here.
His brother...
wanted to kill everyone.
Hatred.
Resentment.
More than the little brother.
Why?
Because you were abused?
Because of your mom?
Mom?
Stop it!
Come here.
Mom.
Pull up your shirts.
She starved us, locked us up,
and pierced us again.
She beat us up.
So?
You killed women because of
your hatred for your mom?
Three women at that?
No.
I killed two, actually.
And that little brother started first.
He liked a girl,
so he flirted with her.
When she turned him down, he beat her.
But the thing is,
he ended up killing her.
His big brother saw it.
That's when...
we came into...
this guy's body.
"We"?
We...
I...
We're...
one.
You dirty little punk.
How does it feel to peep at us every day?
Did you feel it...
in your hands?
The feeling of cutting someone up.
Did you enjoy it?
Did you?
When did you meet Park Il Do?
When and where did you meet him?
Isn't that why you became possessed?
You'll never find him...
because I'm going to kill you now!
It's him!
The big brother who just
went out is possessed.
Did you find him?
He got away.
- Where is your car key?
- Let me come with you.
How do you know?
Why do you have a picture of my brother?
Why did you show it to
the possessed people?
I'll explain later.
Where is your brother?
Where is your brother now?
He's not your brother right now.
He might kill more people.
Mom.
I hate Mom.
Because I hate Mom...
Where is he?
Hold on.
Let me talk to him.
You want to save your brother, don't you?
Where is he now?
Choi Min Gu.
Who answered your phone earlier?
Why?
The older brother, Choi Min Sang.
She told me the truth.
She said she got kidnapped and escaped.
All right.
No, I don't want it.
You have to take it.
It tastes too bitter.
What do you want me to do?
Will you take it if I buy you candies?
Yes.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry,
but where is Yongho Elementary School?
Go straight and turn right.
Where is your mom?
She went out to get candies.
She hasn't come home yet.
Do you see anything?
No, I don't see anything. I
have no idea where she is.
Please...
You little...
I said I'd kill you if you report.
Too late.
You little punk. Come with me.
I'm taking him to the station.
What's the matter?
We lost his brother.
Ask the boy where his brother is.
Hold on.
Hey. Where's your brother right now?
Where is he?
I wanted to stop,
but both my brother and I were scared.
What are you rambling on about?
Tell me where your brother is.
Pull yourself together.
Let me talk to him.
You want to?
Come here.
Be quiet.
Why do you show up here unannounced?
Why do you keep coming here?
I need to keep something in the basement.
What's up with all this
shenanigan every night?
You're just like your dad.
Is that...
Min Gu?
Yes.
You crazy little punk.
Be quiet.
- Please... - Min Gu.
Stop now.
We used to play together.
He gave me game consoles and yoghurt.
He'd play videos for me too.
Your brother.
I'm looking for my brother too.
He is...
also possessed.
He's possessed by a spirit.
He used to be kind and quiet,
but he suddenly changed.
Your brother did too, right?
You want to go back, don't you?
You want your brother back.
I'll help you.
Your brother.
Where is he?
- Who is it? - Open the door!
I'm busy, Mom.
Later.
Open the door!
Get lost!
I killed women because of you!
No!
It's over.
You're...
under arrest for kidnap and murder...
What are you doing now?
You want to take him away like last time?
Gosh.
Just give me some time to exorcize him.
I need to get some information from him.
Are you serious?
If you take him now,
he'll try to kill himself like
the previous one. You know that.
Please trust me.
Two hours.
- After that, I'm taking him. - Okay.
Hold on.
What is he doing?
- Hey. - Hey.
- Hey. - Why can't I open it?
Gosh.
- Stop it! - Stop right now!
Stop!
Stop right now!
Open the door!
That little punk...
- Stop. - Stop right now.
What are you doing?
- Hey! - Hey!
Hold on.
Park Il Do!
Gosh.
I don't feel like myself.
I get texts...
from Park Il Do.
Are you still chasing that spirit?
I want to hear about the day when
my brother became possessed.
That crazy monster who killed the
police officer and the family.
Is he your brother?
Priest Choi is not the culprit.
Park Il Do who moved from me to him did it.
The female police officer
who died that day...
is my mom.
You can blame me if you want.
It's my fault.